his name was Jeremiah Johnson
they say he wanted to be a mountain man
nobody knows whereabouts he come from
and don't seem to matter much he was a
young man and ghostie story is about the
tall Hills didn't scare him none bought
him a good horse and traps another truck
good went with being a mountain man and
said goodbye whatever life was down
there below this here's his story Robert
Redford as Jeremiah Johnson
Jeremiah Janssen made his way into the
mountains I'm I know who you are you're
the same dumb pilgrim I've been hearing
for 20 days and smelling for 3 written
known forgetting all the troubles that
he take him what take him ma'am I
wouldn't know how to tend after the
trails why now
legal or the sparrow show path he was to
follow oh are you alright
sure sure I got a fine horse underneath
mountains alone my man and he leaves a
lot
of the word which war goddamn been
different but your tvind
at story doesn't always go we had in
mind if you value your hair you won't
get married dear my story was at can
tell it was a man the Indians prayed to
and cursed and tried to kill
Robert Redford as Jeremiah Johnson some
say he's dead some say he never will be
Jeremiah's story was that guy